Good job finishing your project. I would have liked to see more effort from your group, and you could have accomplished more. I have a few comments: 

* You have no pictures of anything inside your project - pictures make an interface much more fun and enjoyable, and it also is a separate skill to learn to figure out how to make images appear in pygame. 
* Why are there two files: `project.py` and `project2.py`? You should get in the habit of deleting old files that you do not need so that it doesn't confuse other team members and anyone looking at your project. 
* You have the same `home` function in both `project.py` and `classes.py` - you only need it in one place. 
* I see you tried to make an `event` class - you can do this in pygame if you want to deal with really complicated events, but then you have to use classes and subclasses to make custom events. For clicking the screen, you don't need to make a separate class, as you saw. 
* In your `while` loop in `project.py`, you have many `if` statements that check whether the `x` and `y` coordinates are inside the buttons that you created. The problem is, if you decide to change the position of your buttons even a little bit, this will not work any more and you need to write a bunch of numbers again. It would be better to use the built-in function `collidepoint(x1, y1)` to check whether `x1, y1` are inside a rectangle (which a button has). 
* Good job using while loops inside the main while loop for deciding which screen I am looking at - another solution could have been to use a variable that stores a string that has the name of the screen (like "main", "comedy", etc.). The `while` loop idea could be combined with the string variable, since you needed three boolean variables, where if you used one string variable, you do not need to check many combinations of boolean variables.
* You have an error in your code - you do not `import sys` at the top of the `project.py` file, so when I run the file I get an error that says `sys does not exist`, and the "x" in the corner of the window does not work. 
